then josemaría you are director of
american express how are you two maria
very welcome to the fashion week '
american express we are in a year of
very important celebration for us
and good welcome here exactly
tell me how is it to gather you five
designers to make the parade of
centurion good this year we turn ten
years in Mexico with our product
centurion card badge and one
way to celebrate it was with creativity
and was to offer these designers the
possibility that centurion- inspired
did fashion is that it means to
american express fashion week
mexico good I think that started this as
an idea and every year encourages us more
because all our customers our
card holder black couple month every day
they are more satisfied with having the
opportunity to enjoy fashion from the first
level in mexico
to foreign designers and also
Mexican designers and if for example
I want to see the centurion parade that
would have to make
I would have to be cardholders
centurion to be able to access unique and
they also exclusively have something with
adolfo domínguez talk tells me good
we are also bringing this year adolfo
Dominguez is like an opportunity
also to have an experience with him
your boutique to basically acquire
The whole new collection is like a big
opportunity with great too
opportunities in discounts and
offers so now to close
I want you to tell me how it gets to be
the person that you are today a lot
Work thinking and work
We definitely work here
in fashion week